energy tremendous effort from the old
side and it's huge it's huge for us
getting out of this group that nobody
everybody said you have no chance
we took their chains and we move on and
now and now we really want to prove a
point
how was your team affected by the fact
that Germany had an extra rest day
you're coming here from Manaus it's
difficult to say you know I don't want
to put too much into it I think the
energy was great the commitment was
great we should have had a little bit
more possession I wish there in grading
more chances but maybe we kept that for
the next one who are you hoping to
achieve with the changes to your
starting lineup no I needed a bit of
freshness there that's why previous came
in for an go batons and oh my god is
change homeland gaining on me come on
now in a 3-4 days with them we need
every 23 in our spot to get to the
tournament but it's this is a huge step
and now we can't wait for the round of
16 you put into words what Tim Howard
means your team well Tim is one of our
big shots and always obvious our leader
is uh you know he keeps everybody
together and obviously be needed right
now you know in a World Cup if you want
to go far you need one of the best
goalkeepers in the world and we have
that one what would you tell your team
about its performance today
well there would still get do better we
got through the group but we have to do
better and there are in the round of 16
and we will do better in Berlin as they
were watching
three additional points happy with the
advancement to the wrath of sixteen but
as we said since 1954 the Germans always
get for the round of 8 then did you
check the other side of the bracket as
Germany that will move on against the
group age runner could be Algerian
Brazil or he locked it against Chile
Colombia and Uruguay and again if you
just join us along the way Luis Suarez
with a four month worldwide ban aim-9
match Uruguayan national team ban and
he's fine as well for the pipe incident
trance at night